README.md, before:

# GbCliWeatherApi

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/gb_cli_weather_api`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'gb_cli_weather_api'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install gb_cli_weather_api

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/guysbryant/gb_cli_weather_api. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/guysbryant/gb_cli_weather_api/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the GbCliWeatherApi project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/guysbryant/gb_cli_weather_api/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Wire up all the files

README.md, after:

# GbCliWeatherApi

This is a gem to get weather information in your terminal.
This project is meant for me to get some experience working the an API in Ruby.

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'gb_cli_weather_api'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install gb_cli_weather_api

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/guysbryant/gb_cli_weather_api. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/guysbryant/gb_cli_weather_api/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the GbCliWeatherApi project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/guysbryant/gb_cli_weather_api/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
